Updated dedicated partitioning well known customer errors table (#3703)
ovh/docs: pages/cloud/dedicated/partitioning_ovh/guide.en-us.md

|Partition of type `t` with mountpoint `m` cannot fill the disk.|- You have chosen the `swap` partition to fill the disk, we disallow this to avoid creating unnecessarily large `swap` partitions|- Set a fixed size for the `swap` partition|
|Missing `/` partition. Please add a `/` partition in your partition scheme!|- Any Linux-based OS needs at least a `/` partition|- Add a `/` partition in your partitioning layout|
|`message`. Please adjust partitions so that the `p` partition fits on `n` disk(s)|- You have chosen a partition with a RAID that requires a number of disks that your server can provide, but some disks are already full because of other partitions and/or this current partition|- If it is not already set on another partition, set the partition size to fill the disk<br />- Reduce the size of this partition so that it fits the disks<br />- Reduce the size of other partitions partitions so that this partition fits the disks|

> |Error with MBR partition table: Partition `p` is larger than 2TiB and this server does not support GPT|- You have defined a partition with a size that exceeds 2TiB and your are trying to apply such partitioning to a server that doesn't support GPT|- Reduce the partition to a size less than 2TiB<br />- Apply this partitioning to another similar server that supports GPT<br />- When you are using [customer templates](#customertemplates) to apply a partitioning, when you have some of your servers that are not compatible with GPT and you want to define partitions with a size larger than 2TiB, you can for example create 2 [customer templates](#customertemplates): one with some partition(s) that exceed 2TiB for server that are compatible with GPT, and the other [customer template](#customertemplates) without any partition that exceeds 2TiB for servers that are not compatible with GPT|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Error with MBR partition table: Partition `p` is larger than 2TiB and this server does not support GPT|- You have defined a partition with a size that exceeds 2TiB and your are trying to apply such partitioning to a server that doesn't support GPT|- Reduce the partition to a size less than 2TiB<br />- Apply this partitioning to another similar server that supports GPT<br />- If you are using [customer templates](#customertemplates) to apply a partitioning with partitions larger than 2TiB to GPT-compatible and GPT-incompatible servers, you should create two separate [customer templates](#customertemplates). One template can have partitions that exceed 2TiB and should be used with GPT-compatible servers, the other template must have smaller partitions and should be used with servers that are not compatible with GPT|
```

Author: ok thanks, also need to be changed for other languages
